BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
BIN = 0:
 -- current direction= 10 degrees
currRadDegrees= 10
BIN = 1:
 -- current direction= 30 degrees
currRadDegrees= 30
BIN = 2:
 -- current direction= 50 degrees
currRadDegrees= 50
BIN = 3:
 -- current direction= 70 degrees
currRadDegrees= 70
BIN = 4:
 -- current direction= 90 degrees
currRadDegrees= 90
BIN = 5:
 -- current direction= 110 degrees
currRadDegrees= 110
BIN = 6:
 -- current direction= 130 degrees
currRadDegrees= 130
BIN = 7:
 -- current direction= 150 degrees
currRadDegrees= 150
BIN = 8:
 -- current direction= 170 degrees
currRadDegrees= 170
